# MSMC Transport 0520 // "Tenkai Palm"
# 8.30.5014u

## Lancers

Across the galaxy, “lancer” has become a catch-all
name for exceptionally daring and skilled mech pilots,
similar to the flying aces of the past. Not all pilots are
lancers – most are just good at what they do – but all
lancers are pilots.

Nowhere is “lancer” considered an official rank or
classification. Lancers are set apart by ability, talent,
training, luck, skill, reputation, or some combination
of these qualities; they aren’t qualified as lancers by
any medal, certification, or promotion. It’s simply an
appellation given to exceptional pilots based on time
in the saddle and performance in the field.

You may have been born to this work. You may have
been damned to it. The machine might be a tool, or it
may be your real body.
 But one thing is true: you aren’t 
just any old pilots. You’re the
 best of the best – Lancers.

The galaxy does not yet know your name. Maybe it
never will. What the galaxy will know are your deeds,
your actions. As you settle into your chassis for the
first time, is it joy that crosses your face? Fear? A
sense of purpose, or one of doom?

The populated galaxy is a vast place, with many
worlds, stars, and vast spaces in-between that hide
mysteries: What lingers in the Ikadra Drift, where the
Drift’s eponymous binary stars collect the ruins of
thousands of ships in their orbit? What secrets
murmur out from the Pleiades, where the song of the
cult of MAIA echoes quiet through the bulkheads of
your ship?

There are powers at work in the galaxy – mundane and
esoteric, cruel and utopian. Union, long the steady
center of humanity, frays at the edges, and forces begin
to align along new presentations of old ideologies.
The most important question to ask – of yourself and
others – is this: which side are you on?
