# About Mirror Smoke Mercenary Company

MSMC carries a weighty reputation. Its private
 military branch is known throughout the galaxy as a
 stateless clearinghouse for all manner of recruits,
 from experienced veterans to raw cadets. The bar for
 enlistment is low: if you can sign your name or follow
 instructions to mark a contract – and agree to pay a
 personalized enlistment fee – you can get yourself a
 ticket to one of MSMC’s training facilities. The more
 experience or capability an applicant has (as determined by the MSMC evaluation exam, “The Milkrun”),
 the more incentives they are offered – from waived
 enlistment fees to fast-tracking in a training program
 of choice, and even offers of commission.

As a mercenary company, Mirrorsmoke competes
 against many thousands of firms — Goblin Throne
 Industrial, The Golden Hand, and others — for two
 types of contracts: perfectly legal high-volume, lowto-medium payout contracts, and low-volume, highpayout “grayspace” contracts. Although grayspace
 jobs are offered by states, corpro-states, and other
 legitimate organizations, the jobs themselves are less
 clearly above board. The targets Of grayspace
 contracts often challenge them as piracy, looting, or
 illegitimate corporate takeovers – hence the need for
 a crack legal corps.

The Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company (MSMC) is
 one of the largest active mercenary corporations in
 the galaxy, offering a wide portfolio of services
 available at the lowest sustainable bid. Some
companies go lower, but after a certain point you’re
 buying corpses. MSMC might be a cheap option, and
 it might come with the occasional deadbeat, but it’s gonna
 get the job done and done final.
 MSMC has a proven track
 record of success in everything from putting down
 or propping up rebellions, assassinations, private
 security, and protection rackets. Because of the questionable nature of much of the work they do, MSMC’s
 pilots and troopers bear the unfortunate nickname,
 “the garbage men of the galaxy”. The nicknames given
 to the company’s lawyers are much worse.

In spite of its greasy reputation, Mirrorsmoke provides
 valuable opportunities to its recruits. It is a licensed
 mercenary company and offers a host of services to
 employees looking to re-establish citizenship, clear penal records, wipe out debt, and earn basic certifications. The work might be messy, dangerous, and
 borderline criminal, but MSMC service qualifications are
 useful for people who have nothing else.

Career MSMC mercenaries are typically hardened,
 ambitious, or desperate people who pride themselves
 on their work. They take on problems that no one else
 is willing to fix, that polished toy soldiers turn their
 noses up at. It’s not uncommon to find MSMC mercs
 planetside and stationside, drinking and carousing in
 tight-knit groups, getting into scraps with other
 mercenaries and soldiers, or regaling audiences with
 stories from their latest missions.

The life of an MSMC mercenary is dangerous and
 difficult, but it does offer an escape from the normalcy
 of the civilian world. To some, MSMC represents a
 chance at becoming a Lancer, or a chance to
 leave their backwater colony world and see the stars.
 For others, it’s a way out of an untenable living situation or crippling debt, or a way to leave their old life
 behind and become – legally – a whole different
 person.

MSMC detachments are identified with numbered
 designations (between 001 and 999) and an unofficial
 nickname or two (e.g., the MSMC 501st Detachment,
 popularly known as the “One-Eyed Fox”). Each MSMC detachment is overseen by a
 commanding officer, advised by a legal officer, and
 outfitted with a transport carrier and supplies enough
 to last a moderate deployment.

The rules of engagement governing MSMC
 detachments are complex, spanning public relations,
 legal liabilities, and operational considerations. PR
 guidelines are clear: don’t harm or assault civilians,
 don’t destroy property, do get a favorable review
 from the client. Operational concerns might align with best PR practices, although
 there are often off-the-book understandings between
 clients and commanding officers: Sometimes civvies
 get hurt, and sometimes the property winds up damaged. But hey, the primary objectives were all
 completed, right? And not too  any got smoked?
 Mark it a success. All’s well that ends well.
